Add a clipboard manager tool to optional software (#3)
upleveled/system-setup: windows.md

   ```bash
   choco install screentogif
   ```

> 3. If you need a nice clipboard manager for your PC, this is an awesome option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you need a clipboard manager to keep a history of things that you have copied, this is an awesome option:
```
